[RewardCardTitle] Replace `Title` component by `TitleWithStroke` (#2095)
KissKissBankBank/kitten: CHANGELOG.md

## [unreleased]

> - Fix: Remplace by `Title` by `TitleWithStroke` on `RewardCardTitle`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix: Replace `Title` component by `TitleWithStroke` on `RewardCardTitle`.
```
